   =========================================================================
   ==  NOTICE file corresponding to the section 4 d of                    ==
   ==  the Apache License, Version 2.0,                                   ==
   ==  in this case for the RoboVM VM Library.                            ==
   =========================================================================

RoboVM VM Library
Copyright (C) 2012-2015 RoboVM AB
For license information see the LICENSE.txt file which accompanies this
NOTICE.txt file.

The RoboVM VM Library includes software developed as part of The Android Open
Source Project which is copyright 2005-2012, The Android Open Source Project and
released under the Apache License 2.0. http://source.android.com

The RoboVM VM Library includes uthash (uthash.c and utlist.c) which are
copyright 2003-2013, Troy D. Hanson and released under a revised BSD license
(Simplified BSD License without the second clause concerning binary
distribution). http://uthash.sourceforge.net

The MurmurHash3 algorithm in MurmurHash3.c was created by Austin Appleby. The
code is placed in the public domain. The author disclaims copyright to the
source code. http://code.google.com/p/smhasher/

The RoboVM VM Library includes the Boehm-Demers-Weiser conservative garbage
collector which is released a under BSD like license. The GPLed library
libatomic_ops_gpl.a is not used by RoboVM. For copyright and license information
please see http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc/license.txt.
http://www.hpl.hp.com/personal/Hans_Boehm/gc/

The code in realpath.cpp is copyright 2003 Constantin S. Svintsoff and released
under a 3-clause BSD License.

The code in rt/android/external/expat is licensed under a BSD like license.
Please see the NOTICE file in this directory for copyright and license
information. http://expat.sourceforge.net

The code in rt/android/external/fdlibm is licensed under a BSD like license.
Please see the NOTICE file in this directory for copyright and license
information. http://www.netlib.org/fdlibm/

The code in rt/android/external/icu4c is licensed under a BSD like license.
Please see the license.html file in this directory for copyright and license
information. http://site.icu-project.org

The code in rt/android/external/javasqlite is licensed under a BSD like
license (TCL/TK License without the "GOVERNMENT USE" section). Please see the
NOTICE file in this directory for copyright and license information.
http://www.ch-werner.de/javasqlite/

The code in rt/android/external/openssl is licensed under a BSD like license.
Please see the NOTICE file in this directory for copyright and license
information. http://www.openssl.org

The code in rt/android/external/sqlite has been placed in the public domain.
Please see the NOTICE file in the dist/ sub-directory for further information.
http://www.sqlite.org/

The code in rt/android/external/zlib is licensed under a BSD like license.
Please see the NOTICE file in this directory for copyright and license
information. http://www.zlib.net

The code in rt/robovm/minizip comes from the zlib project and is licensed
under the same BSD like license as zlib. See the entry for zlib for copyright
and license information. http://www.zlib.net
